
   Name      :  Julian Gardner
   Student ID:  102215161
   Class     :  CSCI 3453 001
   Lab #     :  1
   Due Date  :  Sep. 26, 2018



                 README



   Description of the program


The program sgash is a simple shell program.
It waits for input, and executes a program depending on that input.
It also will display error messages if the program cannot be found
or has errors.
sgash isolates itself from program failures by creating a child process
to execute the programs the user specifies.
THIS PROGRAM IS NOT POSIX COMPLIANT AND SHOULD NOT BE USED AS A REAL SHELL -
IT IS ONLY INTENDED FOR USE AS A DEMONSTRATION OF BASIC SHELL OPERATIONS!


   How to use the program


To exit sgash, type "exit" at the shell prompt.
Type in the full file path of an executable to run it with no arguments.
Typing in the name of an executable in your PATH environment variable
works as well, even if it isn't the full file path.
To use arguments, type the file path as before, adding a space afterwards, then
add a space-delimited set of arguments after that.
Example 1: cat /etc/foo.txt /etc/bar.txt /etc/baz.txt
Example 2: /usr/bin/man gcc
sgash does not support file redirection, pipes, or commands and arguments with
quoted strings or escape characters.
sgash also does not maintain a current working directory, so commands such as
cd do not work!
Because of this, be careful with running executables that use the shell's
current working directory!
Input with multiple consecutive spaces also does not work!

Please see the section "How to build and run the program" for compilation
instructions.


   Source files


Name:  sgash.c

Main program. This is the entirety of the source code.


   Circumstances of program


The program runs successfully on Linux Mint 19 compiled with GCC 7.3.0.
The program was designed for but not tested on the University of Colorado at Denver's
CSEgrid server and its GCC version, but was designed for portability
across POSIX compliant systems.
The program does not run on Windows or Mac systems.


   How to build and run the program


1. Clone and download the GitHub repository.

Now you should have a directory with the files:
sgash.c
Makefile
README
.gitignore

2. Build the program.

Change to the directory containing the listed files.

Compile the program by:
% make

3. Run the program by:
% ./sgash

4. Delete the obj files, executables, core dump, and output file by:
% make clean
